
show run



s1- 
enable 
conf t
vlan 10
name Faculty/Staff
vlan 20
name Students
vlan 30
name Guest(Default)
vlan 56
name Management&Native
interface g0/1
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk native vlan 56
interface g0/2
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk native vlan 56
do wr

s2-

enable
conf t
interface g0/1
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk native vlan 56
do wr

s3- 

enable 
conf t
interface range f0/1-5 
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 56
interface range f0/6-10 
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 30
interface range f0/11-17 
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 10
interface range f0/18-24 
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
interface g0/2
switchport mode trunk
switchport trunk native vlan 56
do wr




show run
show interface trunk = para verificar as interfaces trunk
show interface switchport = para verificar se alterou a vlan 99